OK so I'm about to show you the
complex scene. The complex scene
I would like you to describe
what you see and what is
happening and with complex
scenes they take take between 3
to 5 minutes to describe what
you see. I would share.
My screen and I will also make
this bigger.
OK, starting now.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
so it looks like overall this is
a scene with a lot of people in
a zoo. There's a caption at the
lower left that says escape from
the zoo with additional
information. So.
What's happening in this scene
is there's roughly about 200,
possibly 250 or so people
ranging in age from very young
to elderly, but mostly I would
say younger, bearing on the
younger side, um doing all sorts
of activities at the zoo. In the
foreground there's a rhinoceros
that had, I guess escaped one of
the enclosures and is running
through the pedestrian area
chasing.
Quite a number of people,
including chasing a snake, so
they're running away terrified.
There's a couple of onlookers to
the side that are watching
what's happening, and people are
trying to jump away from the
rhinoceros into a lion enclosure
and the lions are licking their
lips. I think happy that people
are actually jumping into their
enclosure. Sort of in the middle
ground, there's a couple of
giraffes in addition to an
antelope and an aardvark.
Reading a map and giving
directions.
To a Penguin.
There's a couple of people who
are trying to feed the animals
by dumping chips like potato
chips or something into the
animal enclosure. Lots of people
taking photographs. There's an
enclosure with a hippopotamus
and a couple of flamingos.
A couple of zebras and a duck
billed bird of some kind.
In addition to that sort of in
the middle ground, there's a.
There's a sort of an enclosure
that looks like it has an ice
structure in it, but there's no
animals in there. The zookeepers
are kind of nearby pointing,
their mouths are open. They're
looking around. It looks as if
they're trying to figure out how
it was that this enclosure
became empty. There's a sort of
a step ladder coming out of it.
And in the caption escape from
the zoo, it says, can you pick
out all 10 Penguins? So my
thought.
Is that this was likely the
Penguin enclosure, and all of
the Penguins are now gone and
you know they're all over the
place. One of them was getting
directions from the aardvark, so
you know he's looking to get out
of there.
In the background there's a
polar bear enclosure and an
elephant that's sucking peanuts
out of a guy's bag. And to the
right you see a couple of
structures like a cafe building,
a shop building and an ice cream
stand.
Uh, there's another stand in the
foreground as well, like a hot
dog stand.
And yeah, just generally, this
is a scene at the zoo.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK.
Perfect. Now I will pull up the
next.
OK, next one is also a complex
scene.
OK and I will make this.
Bigger. So same thing as before,
just describe what you see
happening.
#START_make_a_splash So this is
a scene at a water park. So once
again, there are hundreds of
people just doing different
activities in this scene that's
taking place at a water park
that's got a lot of different
kinds of things to do.
There's a number of slides, both
in the background and in the
foreground. There's like kind of
loopy, crazy slides. There's a
slide that's coming off of the
side of a pirate ship. There's a
rainbow slide that's on the
right hand side of the page.
Um, so the kinds of activities
going on here is there seems to
be so starting from the
foreground, there's lots of
people who are in inner tubes
kind of lazily going down, kind
of like, oh, lazy river ride
under a bridge. One of them is
getting soaked from a Super
Soaker, from this kid that's
like up on the bridge over over
top. There's some sunbathers on
towels nearby in the foreground,
and some walkways going on
either side of this.
River and people are walking and
passing through and there's a
pink elephant that acts as a
kind of like a water fountain
shooting water into this river.
So if you're on one of these
inner tubes you might get wet.
In the foreground on the right
hand side there's like this
fountain feature. It looks like
a couple of mushrooms that have
has water like coming out from
the underside of the mushrooms.
One is the a smaller red
mushroom with white spots and
the other is.
Larger green mushroom with white
spots so people are playing
underneath the water that's
coming out of these mushroom
fountains. There's also a big
floating snake in the middle of
this water area, so people are
climbing on and playing around.
This snake. There's a couple of
inner tubes in this area, just
not as many as the river. And
this is where that rainbow slide
kind of deposits people into
this part of the water like
pool. And in the middle ground
you see people like hopping
across different rocks. In the
background there is a pirate
ship.
You know where people are kind
of like playing with the
different aspects of the pirate
ship, like climbing up the
lines, shooting from a cannon
Super Soaker and then sliding
down the slide on the side of
the ship. There's also a dragon
in the sort of foreground of the
ship that looks like a another
water feature, something you can
climb on. There's a couple of
people climbing on it and it
shoots water from its mouth, and
on the left hand side we've got
like 3 loop-
The-loop slides: yellow, a red
and a green one, and a lot of
people are at the very top left
of the scene waiting their turn
to go down these slides and in
the back we see the head of the
Lazy River. So All in all this
is just hundreds of people and
one snowman that I can see and a
couple of Penguins at this water
park. #END_make_a_splash
OK, perfect. Now I will pull up
what we have next.
OK.
Next, we also have another
complex scene.
And I'm going to.
OK, so this is just another
scene, same thing as before.
#START_unfriendly_giants So here
it's pretty obvious that there's
just like a couple of main
colors going on in the scene.
It's like red and blue and
yellow and green.
And the scene is of these giants
in a sort of medieval feudal
looking area. So like medieval
Europe or something is the way
that most of these people, both
the giants and the humans, are
dressed.
So what's happening is we've got
like 3 distinct scenes in the
foreground, in the middle, and
in the background of these
giants that are just wreaking
havoc on this human like
society. So in the foreground
we've got 2345, like kind of
six, I guess, Giants playing
chess. The Chess board is even
oversized even for the Giants
who are playing on it, and
they're using humans as the.
Pieces for the chess game.
There seems to be some kind of
like swap swapping, like there's
a there's motion indicated by
these whites swipes.
Around these giants and I think
that it just indicates motion of
what's happening. So like
there's a a catapult that had
launched something at one of the
Giants like a rock and it seems
to have hit one of the giants on
the head and fallen down, but
the giant doesn't seem fazed.
Umm.
There's other movement where
it's it's indicating that one of
the giants is just moving one of
the humans from place to place
on the chess board. Meanwhile,
there are dozens if not like 100
humans in this foreground who
have pickaxes, who have other
weapons, who are obviously
trying to attack these giants.
The catapult was being used for
this purpose as well, but it
doesn't seem to have fazed these
giants.
Still in the foreground, on the
right hand side, there's a few
giants that are using straws to
suck up the water in these ponds
or lakes and using that water to
to shoot out at the advancing
humans who have come to to fight
with them.
In the middle.
Um, there's a couple of giants
who are trying to lay traps, I
guess for each other or even for
other giants. One of them seems
to have a a rope tied around the
house trying to catch some
humans. Some of the other humans
have caught one of the giants
using a giant rope and it's
around his his leg. He's also
wearing a few humans in his
belt, I guess that he's
collecting. The humans had also
set up a trap for one of the
Giants on the right.
Of this giant lady, and um, so
one of the Giants pulled out of
a flowering tree to give to her
as if a bouquet. And there's a
heart above his head, and in the
background some Giants are
sieging a castle.
They're looking pretty
successful at it. One of the
Giants is spinning the blades of
a windmill. Looks like he's
having a great time. There's
another giant fake lady back
there too that has.
Attracted one of the Giants and.
a hammer has come down on his
head, so it looks like he was
fooled.
And yeah, that's that's
generally it's it's giants. Um,
wreaking havoc on the humans and
the humans trying to fight back,
either with weapons or with
trickery. #END_unfriendly_giants
I.
No, I'll pull it.
Next one.
OK, NEXT is also another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_airport OK. All right. So
this is a scene at an airport
and lots of activities going on
here. There's not as many people
as have been in scenes before.
There's actually plenty of space
to see the ground, which was not
the case in some of these
earlier photos, but images in
this one, we can actually see
plenty of what is the tarmac, I
guess, on this airport. So we
see both the interior of the
airport.
So we see a couple of gates and
a baggage claim area in the
foreground and then we cut
through the wall so that like
it's as if its roof has been
removed so that we can kind of
see what's happening behind the
building as well. So we see a
couple planes on the tarmac and
lots of activities happening
there. And then in the
background we see more planes
including other flying vehicles
like we see an airship and a hot
air balloon and a concord and a
plane that.
Has bird wings. All right. So
anyway, starting with the
foreground of the baggage claim
area is in the foreground on the
left, people are grabbing their
things. It looks like there was
somebody who was apprehended in
those sort of middle of the
foreground he has opened up a
trench coat and he's got tons of
watches on the inside and it
looks like somebody in a uniform
has a laid hands on him and he's
getting arrested.
To the right, there's an
additional baggage claim area
with people gathering their
suitcases, one of the suitcases
toppling over.
One guy seems to be.
in pain, but I can't tell why
from this angle. I guess it's
maybe a suitcase was put down on
his foot, perhaps?
So then on the tarmac, there's
one main plane that takes up
most of the center of this
image, and there's lots of
people disembarking from that
flight going down one of those.
Stairways that's pushed up to
the side of the the main door
leaving the airplane. So there's
a line of people coming out.
There is a.
Baggage trolley that's got lots
of luggage on it that seems to
be waiting nearby so that as
luggage is.
Taken off of the plane. It has
somewhere to go and it's being
tossed from person to person to
person, and it looks like the
last person who wasn't really
paying attention and got nailed
in the face.
There's doc doctors.
There seems to be a pilot that's
walking in the foreground and he
has an entourage and it just
looks like, oh, it's
stewardesses. So one of.
Two of the pilots are dressed as
traditional modern day pilots,
and then the one in the front is
dressed as if he's like a World
War Two flying ace or something,
and there's some flight
attendants behind him. There's a
smoke break that's happening
nearby, sort of hidden behind
some boxes.
There's a couple of just crazy
stuff happening, like there's a
big fork on the forklift,
there's an ace of spades that's
sitting in the cockpit of the
sort of World War Two era.
Like a Sopwith Camel kind of a
thing to indicate like a flying
ace. So there's lots of visual
puns.
Happening within the the scene
itself. #END_airport
The short story.
OK, so.
Gonna share my screen.
This is a short story.
Like before, like last time with
a short story described, the
picture you see on the scene see
on the page, and then when
you're ready you could tell me
when to move the slides forward.
#START_return OK. All right. So
this is a a story I think told
without words. You can see that
the title of it is for my
parents and there's some sort of
caption below that that's not
possible for me to read on the
phone but or on the the screen.
So what we see is a cutaway view
of an apartment building. The
color story here is mostly.
Sepia tones, although there are
some bright colors here and
there. So the cut across that we
see are the cut out that we see
is of a two-story apartment
building. Or at least we only
see two stories here. The the
main floor. There's a bit of a a
stoop to the left that you would
use to get into the the main
entranceway and then on top of
that we see that there's a
second floor. Starting on the
1st floor you would come into
the.
The main part of the apartment.
And there's there's an
entranceway with a coat rack
with a coat and a hat on it.
Entryway table with a Tiffany
lamp style lamp that's there, a
couple of pictures hanging on a
wall and some wallpaper. Just
looking generally at the whole
house. It looks to be like a
sort of.
Early to mid century, I would
say this is sort of a 1940s
looking appeal.
Moving on from the entranceway
to the right, still on the 1st
floor, you would enter. It looks
like a kitchen.
But there's a, a stove and some
cabinets and a sink and some
more cabinets on top of that.
And then after that you see a, a
stairway in a small hallway
going up. And then the last room
on this floor looks to be a
child's bedroom. There's,
there's a bed, there's a map
hanging on the wall in the and
over top of the bed. And this is
where we get like a couple of
different colors coming in. So
there's a.
Red hot air balloon that's
hanging as a mobile over top of
the child's bed. There's also
some purple in this room, like
purple stuffed animal maybe on
the bed and a stuffed or a
purple, I don't know, cross
looking mobile. It could be a
plane and then we actually see
the child standing in the room
on the far right hand side of
the child has more colorful
aspects to him or her.
than the rest of the house does,
and it looks as if they're using
a red crayon or a red pen to
draw on the wall, and it looks
like they're creating an
archway.
And they're holding something
red in their left arm and
drawing with their right arm.
So and and possibly willing
wearing an orange helmet. Or
maybe it's an orange crown.
So that's what's happening on
the 1st floor. On the 2nd floor,
directly above the child's room
is a sort of combination bedroom
bathroom, and there's a cat
sleeping up on the bed up on the
in the bedroom section. There's
a sink and a mirror in the
bathroom, and then moving to the
left. From there there's a
sitting area that is at the top
of the small stair hallway.
And sort of directly over the
kitchen. And in that area we see
like a couch facing a small
television with the rabbit ears
of the old fashioned antenna.
And then to the left of that you
would enter this room, which
looks to be some kind of like a
workroom or a study. And here
there's a there's a man. So he's
leaning over an architect's
desk, like a drawing desk.
And it's it's tilted in the way
that they usually are so that
you can have access to drawing
over a large sheet of paper.
And once again, just like the
child, the colors on the guy are
a little bit more vibrant than
the rest of the colors elsewhere
in the scene. So, you know, he's
wearing a bright blue shirt and
dark blue shorts, and he's got,
I think, brown hair and maybe a
mustache or a beard and mustache
combination. And from here we
see that there's a red kite
that's flying into this room and
it.
There's it's like mysteriously
flying in and we see that it's
kind of connected by a string
that maybe just goes down the
stairs from that first level,
but we don't see the string
coming down the stairs.
On the 1st.
Sorry, it's coming down the
stairs on the second level, but
we don't see it anywhere on the
first level.
So it just seems to have floated
up in that space. There's also a
small door in the room where the
architect is and it's like a
knee high wall that would be
used maybe for storage or maybe
for something.
you know more mysterious. And
now I'm ready to go to the next
scene.
OK, so what's happening next is
we don't see any background at
all. We just have the architect
sitting at his desk with a
completely white background. So
we're like totally focused on
what he's doing now. And it's a
scene in three parts. The first
part is he looks behind him and
he sees the red kite on the
floor and he's stopping what
he's doing. In the next scene
after that, he bends over and he
picks up the kite and in the
final scene.
He's missing from the scene. We
just see the dusk and we see the
chair and we see the kite on the
floor, but we don't see him
anymore. And then he's gone,
right? And the scene that
follows, he is in the child's
room, so he went down there. The
door to the child's room is open
and nothing is out of place
except for the fact that the
door, the archway that the child
was drawing, is now an actual
door.
That's been opened and the adult
is crouched down, peering into
the door. I'm just going to call
them father and child now,
because I think that that's
probably more their
relationship.
And so he's crouched down,
looking through.
This newly created arched
doorway.
Next.
OK, this next scene is very sort
of fantasy looking. The colors
are a bit more vibrant than they
had been in the apartment. So he
emerges from the doorway, which
is at the the base of a tree,
and he's in the middle of a
forest and in the tops of the
trees are hanging all of these
lanterns and and stringed
lights. So there's a very.
Warm looking, welcoming glow
coming from this area, from
these lanterns hanging around
and in the middle of this forest
is kind of this Creek or this
stream that's running through
it. And over on the right you
see a dock. It doesn't extend
out into the Creek very far, but
it's just, you know, there is a
boat launch or some kind of just
dock, and on top of that is a
red ball. There's no sign of the
child anywhere. This is just.
Everything that's here and the
red ball is some kind of like a
clue. Next.
So now the father is standing up
on the dock, holding the ball
and down the stream, he sees
this boat that's coming towards
him. The the boat has a.
Maidenhead figure as part of the
the bow of the boat and it looks
like a creature, like it looks
kind of like a horse head but
with a much longer and more
narrow nozzle muzzle and you
know it's got a.
Really tall, very narrow ears.
So it's on its way towards him
and in the next scene, once
again, this is a scene told in
three scenes. There's no
background to this, we just see
what's happening with the man.
The only things that are
depicted in the scene is the
boat and the man and the ball
that he's holding. So the boat
approaches, he is still standing
on the dock, and in the next
scene he the boat seems to have
stopped.
In front of him and he's looking
at it and in the following in
the last scene.
He is on the boat and the boat
is continuing its journey down
the Creek and all the while he's
still holding the red ball.
All right, in this scene, which
takes place over 2 panels, is
just this large backdrop of a
castle. You know, it looks like
a very fanciful castle, and the
boat is approaching from the
left. The Creek goes into the
castle via its Moat system, but
it looks as if he's going to be
able to enter the the castle
through a gated entryway into
the castle.
Like this was meant to happen.
And.
The color story here is, you
know, there's bright oranges and
Blues, and this is taking place
at night because the moon is up
and the sky is full of Blues and
purples.
And on a on the right we see
that the main castle is
connected via some kind of a
bridge or possibly an aqueduct
to another section of like the
castle area. And on top of that
bridge is what looks like a red
vehicle. It's a very simple
looking thing. It could be a
boat. And on top of that it
looks as if that could be the
child wearing the Orange crown.
So the father.
In this scene the boat has
arrived to its destination. It
is docked in this area of the
castle and it looks like many
people are there awaiting it,
including a band in the
foreground and a possible some
dignitaries in the in the
background, sort of behind this
stone stone wall, sort of ornate
area of the castle.
Like harbor area. And the man
jumps out the boat and he's
waving his hands. And up on the
steps you can see a couple of
children. You know, they're both
wearing these orange crowns and
one of them is holding something
in his hand like something
that's red. And you know, he
seems to be calling out to them.
And in addition to the children,
there's also a man standing on
the top of the steps that is
older. He has a much.
has a long white beard. He is
also wearing an orange crown.
And there's a the purple bird
that's like flying close to him.
That seems to be associated with
these people, and it's possible,
I can't really tell, but I think
that there may be a throne
behind them, the older man with
the crown at the very top of the
steps underneath the pagoda
area.
Oh, I I missed the next. All
right. And and the next scene,
there's there's no background,
so we're just focused on the
action that's happening. So the
man approaches the, I guess
king, we'll call him for
shorthand.
While the child is one of the
children is nearby and has the
purple bird on their shoulder
and is holding something purple
in their hand.
And then the other child is
closer to the throne and looking
away huffily and is holding
something red in their hand. So
the father is like looking
pleadingly at the child who's
looking away haughtily, as if
the child that's closest to the
throne doesn't want to do
whatever it is that the adults
here, and possibly the other
child, want them to do.
All right. In this next scene,
all four of these characters,
the father, both children, and
the old man, king, look around,
astonished, so like they're
their limbs are up, they're
they're crouched down. It's as
if they've been surprised. The
Purple bird is in the air, and
they've turned to face the boat,
which had been empty but now has
somebody on it.
And it looks like they've
emerged from some kind of like
maybe doorway in the boat.
There's like.
Um, some green light that's
that's coming out from behind
them. And this guy who's dressed
kind of like a soldier maybe is
coming out from some kind of
doorway in the boat. And in the
next scene we get a side view of
what's happening. And there are
quite a few people coming out
from the inside of the boat. So
there's the first person who's
holding maybe some kind of a
light or a box of some sort, and
then two people behind him.
Who are carrying lances or other
just long weapons. I can't
really say for certain what they
are, but they've got like sharp
arrows at the end.
And they're wearing helmets.
They're either wearing helmets
or they're wearing like, wizard
hats.
And then the king is holding up
something triumphantly, like in
defiance of whatever's
happening. And whatever he's
holding up is glittering. So it
has, like, glitter marks around
it to imply that it's like, you
know, it's luminescent.
And then the children and the
father are waiting behind the
king.
All right, so the king is.
Draws is drawing through the
air. He's holding an orange
stick, and he's lunging forward.
And in doing so, he's.
Creating a line behind him in
the air. The soldier in the
foreground is we can get a
closer view on the box that he's
holding and it looks like a
projector box, or it looks like
some kind of a light that has a
mechanism on it that you would
turn.
And he's just, I think he and
the other two soldiers are just
looking on, waiting to see what
this king is doing with this
orange thing he has.
All right, so in the next scene
we see the King is actually
holding a sword.
An orange sword that maybe he
himself created.
And the soldier with the box at
first.
You know, kind of takes a step
back and then in the next scene,
so once again this is.
You know a three-part scene with
a white background he is. So the
soldier lunges forward and he
starts to turn the the handle on
the box that he's holding.
And now there are many things
kind of like floating on the
air. There's a, there's a green.
I guess a chalk maybe? Or a
marker of some kind.
Green and and yellow and red and
they're all kind of like flying
from the king into this box
mechanism.
I'm actually glancing back over
at the scene to the left. And so
we see that the king wears a
sash around his shoulder and
waist and in them there are
different of these like colored
chalk, chalks or colored
markers. So it's as if if you
have this talent, you can use
these markers to create things.
And knowing this, this box acts
as a magnet I guess for them.
And so if the if the crank is
turned, you can suck these.
Chalks into the box, so the king
is now disarmed, going back to
the the scene on the right. So
all of these chunks are flying
into this box. And then in the
final scene on this page, we see
that the other two soldiers have
laid hands on the king and they
are keeping him.
Sort of like hostage. Or that
he's under arrest as the soldier
with the with the chalk sucking
box races off towards the right
where the father and the
children are.
So as the soldier approaches and
we see him sort of in the the
background of what is otherwise
this white scene, we see that
the father is kind of in the
middle of the two boys.
Children I should say. The the
child to his left is looking at
what the child and the child on
the left and the father are both
looking at what the child with
the purple Crayon is doing and
the the one with the purple
crayon is drawing and it looks
like maybe some kind of wing.
And in the very next scene we
see that they have gotten away
on a Griffin. You know which is
kind of this winged lion.
Creature, so.
So in that scene the the soldier
with the box is lunging forward
from this area of the castle
where they had been, and the
three people, the the man and
the two children are now on the
back of this Griffin flying into
the night as we see like the
full moon in the background and
the waterfall from the castle in
the foreground and the Moat
below and looks like an island
with a windmill also in the
distance.
Next we have a full view scene
taking 2 pages of the child or
the children's view and the
father.
From there it looks as if
they're still on the Griffin and
they're still flying skyward,
but behind them is the boat that
has the sort of horse head on
it, and the soldier with the box
is now on that boat and it is
flying after them in pursuit. So
I guess this boat flies as well.
Down below we see at the top of
the castle there's a mermaid
fountain and the area that they
had just come from, as well as
like a aqueduct that kind of
circles around this area.
And So what the soldier with the
box is doing is he's cranking it
once again, and we see that all
of this purple is being sucked
into the box. And then you
realize that that is actually
part of the wing of the purple
Griffin that they're on. So
unfortunately, it looks like he
is successfully sucking in part
of the creature that's.
That they're relying on to get
away. And not only that, but it
looks like the chalk that the
boy had used to create the
purple Griffin is also being
sucked into the box as the child
sort of reaches up trying to
grab hold of the chalk, but it's
already well out of his grasp
and heading towards the man with
the box.
In this next scene, we see that
the flying boat was successful
in its pursuit. The soldier that
has the box continues to use it
to suck up what's left of the
Griffin, which we now just see
is a bunch of feathers heading
straight into the box. There is
nothing left for the father and
two children to rest on, so they
are falling. One of the children
was rescued by the king who is
at the back of the boat, so he
had like reached down and
grabbed hold of the child.
Who had been the child with the
purple crayon or the purple
chalk.
And on the right we see the
father and the other child, the
one with the red crayon, also
falling, continuing to fall and
the child with the red crayon is
still holding tight to the red
crayon, so at least for now, he
still has it.
All right. So here we've got an
underwater scene.
So the top of the water
indicates that they splash down
in the water and then we see
the, the father and the child
both sort of floating in this
undersea scene. There's some
fish floating here and there,
you know, we see the, the bottom
of this area, this pool, or this
part of the sea.
The the bird that had been on
the the child's shoulder is also
down there with them.
And there's bubbles emanating
from like above them. So they
had, I think, just to indicate
like how hard the splash was.
The child had been wearing an
orange crown, but that flew off
of him in the previous scene and
now we can see that it is well
on its way to sinking towards
the bottom.
Of the water and in the next
scene, which is it's just once
again a very white background,
we only see the father, the
child and the blue and the
purple.
Bird creature. The child is
using it.
Their red crayon to draw an
outline around them. It's like a
a
It's like a capsule looking
outline that's pointed on one
end.
OK.
So once again it's like a two
page underwater scene. We see a
lot of coral on the left and on
the right we see a submarine,
like a big red submarine in
which the father and the child
are both inside, as well as the
the purple bird which has a room
of its own. The child is above,
using the Periscope to look
around and the father looks like
he's down below.
Also using some mechanisms or
some levers, or possibly with
his hands on the wheel to
navigate the submarine and the
bird is just kind of hanging
out.
So in this two page scene, now
they're on the inside of a cave.
The submarine has emerged, you
know, and is now topside.
The father and the child are
both standing on the top of the
submarine as they look around
and wonder at the place that
they had found. The Cave has all
sorts of different drawings all
over it. It's hard to say what
the drawings are, but they're
primarily of people. In one
scene it looks like the king. In
another scene it looks like the
king is doing something with
some other people nearby.
There's a.
There's a lot of interactions
that it's happening between
people. There's a hot air
balloon looking device in one
area.
And then over on the right the
the drawings continue on The
Cave walls.
Some. Some boats maybe. Or at
least one boat.
Anyway, it's it's basically,
it's kind of like depicting, you
know, what these people are
doing and it's probably.
Eventually going to answer some
questions if there's like a
close up scene of what any of
these drawings are.
So the father and the son are
now looking around more closely
at these drawings. It's
daylight, there's light coming
into The Cave, which we can see
from the right hand side. And
the boy, or child, I should say,
is pointing, pointing upward at
one particular drawing. And it's
a drawing of somebody who's
holding up a.
Probably a piece of chalk which
is glittering, similar to how
the King's piece of chalk was
glittering.
And next to them is another
person who's tipping out some
substance from some kind of an
urn.
It's either that or it's the box
mechanism that sucks in stuff.
It's very hard to make out what
they're trying to show in the
scene.
The bird is just kind of perched
on part of the rock and in the
foreground we see a very small
door leading into part of the
rocks.
All right. So in this next
scene, they're still in The Cave
looking around. The father is
looking up at another cave
drawing. This time the drawing
is of a person that's in that
pagoda area kind of reaching out
for a bird that's sitting on
what looks like a potted plant.
And as he's looking up at that,
the child is hiding behind one
of the the columns. Like there's
stalagmites and stalactites in
this cave and one of them is
just connected. So it's just
like a column and the child's
hiding behind it and so is the
bird, because now entering the
scene to the cave's mouth, the
entrance to The Cave is that
same boat from before and that
same soldier is still holding
that.
Box, so it looks like they've
been discovered. So
Next we have a white background
and it's just showing the action
of the father and the child and
the father.
Is pointing upwards with.
Some chalk or something in his
hand. So he he's like saying
that he has an idea, but he's
not using the child's red chalk,
so he's he's using something
else.
And he begins to draw a line
from the ground straight up. And
then he draws a line over and
then straight down with a perch
on the center. And on that perch
the bird has now sat. So the
child, though is like scratching
their head, like like how is
this going to help?
So now.
The father and the child are
waiting behind the column, so I
guess they did all of this
without being seen. I guess is
the implication what the father
drew is this
You know, is this like box
structure or this other like
smaller version of the pagoda
and in the in the middle of it
the bird is kind of just like
swinging back and forth.
And um racing in, we see the
soldier with the box and he's
cranking it, and as he's
cranking it we see the bird's
incredibly long purple tail
starts to be sucked into the
box.
And then the next scene we see
the soldier racing in, he is so
desperate to catch the bird that
he races right up in into this
this box. And once he's inside,
the the the sides of the box
which had been lying on the
ground now all start to raise
up. So he's been snapped shut
inside of what ended up being a
trap.
And as he's cowering inside the
box, the father picks up the.
Chalk magnet crank box.
From the ground, and he's
hurling it behind him as if he's
going to throw it and the child
is looking on with arms
outstretched and his mouth open
as if he's trying to yell, no,
don't do this, Stop, because it
looks like he's really going to
hurl it at the cage where the
soldier is.
And he does. And he throws it on
the ground, so he doesn't throw
it in, he doesn't throw it at
the soldier, he just.
He just throws it so that it
breaks on the ground and there's
an explosion of light that
happens around all of the broken
parts of the box. And from the
box there emerges all of these
streams of color and light. And
we see the Griffin from before,
kind of like coming back to
life, and we see the bird that
had been in the bird cage but is
now flying freely and all sorts
of other creatures.
Bugs and butterflies, all sorts
of different colors in addition
to the like, just these
beautiful streams of color
coming from the broken box. The
the two soldiers that remain on
the boat are cowering. They're,
They have their hands up, and
they're shielding their eyes.
And the king and the other child
are both on the scene as well,
and they're being enveloped by a
stream of some of the yellow
light, and they don't seem as
concerned. Or or at least
they're running towards the
scene and not cowering away from
it.
Next we see the the father, the
two children, and the older king
standing still in The Cave
looking out at the ship that is
now leaving. And it still has
the two soldiers on it from
before. And it looks like
there's a sea monster with
tentacles raised up from from
the sea, grabbing hold of the
boat, maybe to pull them under
or maybe to help guide them
Away and then up in the air we
see the Griffin flying off into
the distance, but it's carrying
the bird cage trap that still
has the soldier in it and
following the Griffin are all of
these colorful swallows and
butterflies and other flying
creatures.
And the four main characters,
the father of the two children
and the king, look, you know,
like that they've.
They look relaxed. The father
has his hand on one of the.
Children. And the king has his
hand on the shoulder of one of
the other children, and they're
just kind of looking, looking
out on the scene, looking at
these soldiers that are being
carried away or being taken
away.
In the following scene, that
doorway that we saw earlier, the
tiny little doorway is coming
into play and we see the father
getting a huge hug from the
child that still has the red
marker in their back pocket.
And the king and the other child
are off in the distance. Sort
of.
Their coloring is muted at this
point, so like they're not in
the foreground, you know, like
they will continue their story.
Their part of this story is
done, so the father is looking
pleased. He's getting this
really long, sincere hug from
the child, and the doorway is
now open. It's ajar just a tiny
bit, and from the inside of that
doorway, coming outside just a
little bit, we see the end of a
kite tail.
And then in this final scene,
it's the same apartment as
before.
To the right and to the left we
see more of the city. Um.
The.
The part of the apartment that
we see is just the entranceway.
The floor above that which has
the architect's office in it. No
one is in there, but the door is
wide open and there's bright
light coming in from from behind
and to the left. We see a red
kite being flown in the sky but
the kite like string itself goes
off off of the page to the left
so we don't see who is flying
it. But the door to the
apartment is is open like the
exterior door to the apartment.
#END_return
OK, perfect. So.
We're at the halfway point if
you need to take like a two or
three minute break.
Yeah, I would love to go use the
bathroom real quick. OK, sounds
perfect.
OK. I'll be right back. Thank
you.
Let me.
Share my screen.
And then I'll make this.
OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun So
this is of the scene is of.
Someone's backyard with trees
and a pool and a hedge fence.
And there's a lot of things
going on. The caption and the
bottom right says birthday party
fun.
And once again, I guess there's
lots of Penguins here. I didn't
notice that that was a theme for
anything but the zoo, but I
guess these Penguins really did
get out of the zoo and went all
over the place. So at this
birthday party, I would say
there's probably like maybe 150
or so people doing all sorts of
different activities associated
with birthday parties. But then
also it's it's quite a chaotic
scene, so starting with what we
see in the foreground.
There is a blow up like mini
pool, the kind that you would
blow up for small children and
in there is a mermaid.
Who's having her head, um
Somebody is dumping a bucket of
water on her head and there's a
couple of other kids in the pool
with her and one of them is
filling up their Super Soaker.
One of them is standing up in
the pool soaking other people
nearby.
There is a near the pool.
There's lots of people who are
dressed up as different kinds of
characters. So it's like there's
a Halloween party happening at
the same time as this birthday
party. So there's there's a
ninja, there's a Princess,
there's like a medieval knight
and a wizard and a witch.
And um, lots of them are nearby
holding a hose. Um and the
firefighter, or somebody dressed
as a firefighter is spraying
their themselves in the face.
Which is, I guess, shocking to
the football player who's
nearby. There's a table full of
gifts also in the foreground.
More to the left.
Close by, we see 2, 2 parents.
Or, you know, 2 adults standing
close to each other handing a
large present to a child wearing
a pink dress and a bow. There's
a Penguin nearby, by the way.
There's also like a gangster and
a Mad Hatter and somebody
wearing like disco wear like
bell bottom pants and like the
Cape and like the whole 9 yards.
In the middle of the image
there's a clown holding some
balloons and it's being followed
by kids that are dressed up as a
sheep and one that's dressed up
as a Penguin. And there's also
other people dressed up nearby,
like a mummy and a fairy and
another and a king and a
scarecrow.
To the middle, to in the middle
of the image, to the right
there's kind of an island of
landscaping that's got like a
tree and some hedges and some
flowers and.
From there there's like lanterns
hanging from the tree and one of
the children dressed as a devil
in the flower bushes.
And popping out and scaring an
Angel who looks like they're
falling back, holding on to
their heart.
There's also a child or children
dressed up like a horse and near
there there's just all sorts of
other like costumed party
guests. In the background
there's a blow up Castle and
there's all sorts of kids in all
sorts of costumes.
playing on the the the castle.
There's a witch who's actually
like sitting on the the
foreground of the castle and it
looks like she's removing your
shoes, which you have to do if
you're going on a blow up
Castle.
And then to the left, sort of
towards the back as a banquet
table that's set up with all
sorts of food, and somebody's
approaching with a birthday cake
that candles have already been
lit and the woman behind him is
raising her hands. And some of
the other kids as well, excited
to see the birthday cake making
its way towards the table. But
there's like no space to put
this cake because, like, the
table is already full of all
sorts of other things, like
other pastries. There's another
cake already there, in fact.
A tall jello mold of stuff. Um
and ohh towards the back.
There's kind of like this little
creepy area with like people
wearing death masks. This is
sort of behind the castle. Yeah,
people dressed up as the grim
Reaper, one of them wearing a
skull on its head.
Just kind of like creepy creepy
morbid costumes, but they all
seem to be sticking together
towards the towards the back.
So in general this is just a
birthday party which is also a
costume party with lots of
activities going on. Oh and tug
of war which is now solved.
#END_birthday_party_fun
OK, perfect.
See.
And next we have a short story.
Yeah. OK, next you have a short
story.
I'm going to share my screen.
Same thing as the other short
stories. Let me know when to
move on with each slide.
All right.
#START_wanderer So the story is
told in black and white
illustrations, like pencil
drawings.
The first scene is breaking
broken down into six images, so
we see someone who's kind of
dressed up as a.
Umm.
I don't know. They're dressed up
as a sort of member of a royal
family, it seems, because
they've got a lot of intricate
and ornate pieces on their suit,
except that they're completely
masked and it looks like the
mask has a half
It's like a Crescent moon coming
out of their full face mask. So,
you know, so it's a creature of
the night of royalty of some
kind.
Alright, so that's one
character, and the other one
just seems to be a normal
person. But it's very hard to
see their face. They're they're
dressed in slacks and a striped
shirt and they have a blonde
full cut.
But the the face has been
obscured, so it's very hard to
see what's going on with their
face. So these two characters
are working together to fold an
enormous sheet of paper. So
that's what's happening in these
six scenes. So in the first one,
the.
Moon.
Let's call him Moon Knight,
cause why not. Moon Knight is
crouched down creasing 1 edge of
the paper, while the striped
shirt boy is.
Laying it down on the other
side. In the next scene, moon
knight is in the middle of the
sheets of paper, while the
striped shirt guys behind
folding it over. So like moon
knight is, you know, meeting
both of the.
Triangle folds in the middle.
First, they're both crouched
down on the ground, and they're
folding 1 edge of the paper back
towards the point that they
created. And then in the fourth
scene they're both standing
upright holding the paper
creation between them. At this
point it kind of looks like a
paper hat.
The opening to which is kind of
like towards the right that we
can see and then from there they
are using it to sort of bend
outwards some of the folds that
they created so that the final
scene results in them holding up
between them a paper boat and
they're just kind of holding it
aloft at about waist level.
And then the next scene on the
the following page we see.
This, this giant, man, it looks
like a Spanish Armada style
vessel. You know, this could be
like the Santa Maria kind of
coming towards a paper boat in
the far, far background.
This boat, I mean, you know,
like while I'm making real life
references is is a work of
fantasy. It looks like it's got
a castle on its.
On the on the aft of the ship.
Below, it looks as if it's like
a diver's helmet, which has
been.
Adhered to the to the.
Keel of the ship upside down so
that maybe it's some kind of
like.
Sub submarine section of this
ship that you could go down
there and and look underwater
and then instead of sails it's
got just like, I don't know, a
dozen or so striped wind socks.
Acting as if the sail, sort of
acting in place of the sails.
And on the.
Style of the ship. There's a
really long pointed.
Spear. It looks like a spear.
And it's leaning forward like
it's it's giving the indication
that it's heading towards the
paper boat in the background.
Next.
So in this scene, which takes up
two pieces or both sheets of
paper together, is a literally
bird's eye view of what's going
on down below at the sea. We see
the waves indicated by these
undulating lines of this black
and white illustration, and we
see the paper boat down below
with a little.
Line marks to indicate like a
wake, as if it's moving in a
certain direction. And from up
here we see some some seagulls,
so there's about a half dozen.
For 10 or so seagulls.
Not sea gulls, I guess. No,
technically they're not. They
are sea birds of some kind that
are just flying in the same
direction as the as the paper
boat.
All right, so next once again we
see the boat on the water, but
this time we get more of a view
from the surface of the water.
The the boat is on the left hand
side and.
Looking into the boat are two.
Turtles that have black and
white checkered marks both on
their skin and on their shells.
That the checker marks on their
skin is very like small, whereas
the checker remarks on their
shells are are larger.
We see the birds still up in the
sky in this scene. It just looks
like the turtles want to like
look inside of the boat.
There's two turtles looking in
the boat, and then there's
another turtle in the foreground
and it's just kind of blowing
water out of its nose.
And then on the right is a giant
sunfish. Oh, it's a different
scene because the boat is still
there. OK, alright. So in the
next scene we see a giant
sunfish kind of coming out of
the water and looking at the
boat. All of these creatures so
far have had.
Vacant glowing white eyes.
So this one is no different and
it's just kind of looking at the
boat and it's pretty ominous
because this is a giant fish.
But so far the boat seems.
Unscathed.
All right, So what I thought
were bubbles coming up around
the sunfish just seems to be the
pattern of the sunfish because
now it's underwater and it's
it's hoisted the paper boat up
on its dorsal fin and it's just
kind of like swimming
underwater. But now we can see
that the the sunfish itself is,
this is just what it looks like.
So it's not just black, it's got
white spots all over it and the
underside is also.
bright white. We also see a
swordfish in the foreground
that's kind of swimming through
a school of fish.
There's actually schools
efficient everywhere in this
scene, just kind of like making
patterns with the way that the
fish were swimming.
Yeah, there's probably about 5
or so different kinds of fish in
this scene, apart from the
sunfish and the swordfish.
Or is it a Marlin? I don't know.
It's either a swordfish or
Marlin.
In addition, there's some coral
happening on the right hand
side, so the coral reef kind of
extends above the surface of the
water just just a bit. Although
upon closer inspection it
actually might not be coral, it
might just also be comprised of
fish.
So I think that that would
require just more detail than my
screen would provide. In the
bottom right hand corner there's
also tentacled creatures, so
like there's an octopus, kind of
like hiding amongst the coral,
which also might not be coral,
but might just be cleverly
disguised schools of fish.
All right, so once again there's
a lot more coral happening. And
yes, it is actually made of
fish. So in instead of there
being a proper coral reef, what
I thought was coral was just a
bunch of fish crammed together.
The paper boat now just seems to
be.
Seems to have come ashore onto
the part of this coral reef,
which is actually just like the
backs of several fish.
And in the rest of this scene,
there's just like more coral and
more fish and more coral fish.
Once again, there's like maybe a
dozen or so different kinds of
fish and different fanning and
tunnel versions of the of the
coral reef here.
Alright, so in.
In the first scene we see the
paper boat.
Floating on the surface of the
water and attached to it is some
kind of like a creature like a a
cuttlefish maybe?
Seems to have clamped on there
and the there's like maybe four
other cuttlefish nearby that are
looking again with the white
vacant eyes up at the paper bow
and the clutching cuttlefish,
just kind of like with interest.
In the foreground we see more
fish and more coral, and we see
these two fish who have.
Fish heads, and then their
anthropomorphized bodies. So
it's like they look like
angelfish, I think, you know,
from, like the neck up, and
they're kissing.
There's a kind of a kissing
fish. I'm wondering if that's
what they're meant to be.
But then the rest of their
bodies look humanoid, so they
have arms and they have torsos,
and it's hard to see their legs
because, like, they're standing,
maybe standing.
Behind a piece of coral.
And then in our next scene, the
cuttlefish are gone. There's a
fishing pole hanging out from
the side of the paper boat, and
it seems to have caught a fish
and the fish population that's
around during this scene
Look concerned. So once again
there's another like.
Um.
What was the word I used before?
Anthropomorphized fish, that's
like doing some gardening or
something. He's holding a pair
of scissors and he has a finger
on his chin and his mouth is
open. Looking at the fish that
was just caught by the fishing
pole coming out of the of the
paper boat and, you know, kind
of looking on with concern. The
other fish that are in the area,
all with their like, gazing
white eyes, are looking also at
this fish that had just been
caught.
And so this this definitely does
not seem normal. Like no one had
paid attention really to the
paper boat before.
Before this scene. Well, I mean
they they did, but not not with
this level of concern.
So now the fish.
Are.
Investigating the boat with.
All right, well, the boat is
still afloat.
On the on the surface of the
water, on top of one of the
coral structures, which looks
like coral and actually not a
ton of fish working together, is
is a large fish, fish and it's
got a seahorse on top of it. And
the seahorse is wearing a paper
hat. And the two of them
together are looking at the
paper boat. And below them,
below the coral are a lot of
other fish. Some of them are
just kind of swimming around,
some of them are.
Looking up at this like
investigation that's taking
place at the top of the coral.
In the next scene, we see a lot
of Stingrays or manta rays on
the scene and there are there's
like a sea snake or an eel that
has come up from the seabed.
Ohh yeah. So like yeah, they're
sand worms. OK, so they're sea
worms.
Or sea snakes.
They usually live below the
surface of the sand, but
sometimes they pop their heads
up so there are.
Hundreds of them, as implied by
the scene and one of them.
Has extended its whole body and
has come all the way up to the
surface and has popped its head
into the paper boat. The
seahorse from before wearing the
paper bat hat is now in the boat
and it's I think at the bow of
the boat, kind of like looking
ahead.
In this next scene, the paper
boat, which is still afloat on
the surface of the water, is
coming up to a Grove of plants.
These like they've.
They've got like.
The kinds of roots you would
expect from plants that grow.
Around um.
You know like wetland areas the
the roots kind of like extend
far out from the base of the
plant and and kind of like reach
down into the water kind of
like.
Trees and other plants in the
Everglades.
And the plants extend um.
Up through to the top of the
page, I mean, so these plants
are quite tall and amongst the
plants are about three dozen or
so birds with white birds with
very long necks. It's hard to
say exactly what kind of birds
they are, but they kind of look
like cranes.
So next we've got the plant or
the the boat moving through the
plants. So it's on the surface
of the water kind of moving
amongst the roots.
And it's kind of like making its
way through, um, the the boat is
passing behind one of these
plants and is about to pass in
front of one of these others.
And um, oh, it's moving to the
right, so I guess it's already
passed in front of it, so.
We have a sort of a closer view
of some of the plant life that's
here. Below the surface of the
water, there's a lot, lots of
smaller fish swimming around.
The birds are in amongst the the
branches and the leaves and, you
know, seem to be interacting
with each other.
And once again, the fish from
down below all have these like
white vacant eyes.
OK, so this time the boat is
really deep in into this like
this Grove of plants and the
scene that's happening is a bit
more sinister. So we have, we
have these like reptilian
creatures that are up in the the
trees themselves or possibly
they they make up some of the
trees just like how the fish
made up some of the coral.
Um, the.
Umm.
As the boat continues to kind of
move through this area, we see
the the seahorse with the paper
hat and it was still still there
and everyone kind of like
sinisterly looking on from from
up above.
There's also like a small bird
that's perched like in the
middle of this scene, just kind
of looking up at the reptile
heads and then in the foreground
but but in the dark, so it's
almost silhouetted by the scene
are quite a few other birds,
Sparrow like birds, all with
white eyes.
And a couple of crabs down
below.
So in this next scene, the paper
boat has like started to make
its way out of this area. The
seahorse is looking down like
it's brighter, there's like.
There's more white like, you
know.
White light, I guess. So we know
that we're moving out of like
the dark mangrove area from
before. The seahorse looks down
into the water and it sees.
A sea creature, like a kind of a
sea slug looking
anthropomorphized creature
that's on the back of a lobster.
Just making its way across this
this seabed, the sea floor.
And then in the following scene,
the the seahorse jumps out of
the paper boat and is sort of
halfway between the boat and
falling into the water. And
below that, under the surface of
the water, are at least three
other sea horse creatures which
look just like it. And its a
paper hat flies off, so it's
like it just found its family,
and below that are additional
sea creatures.
More eel or possibly an electric
eel or down below and some other
angelfish are there and the the
boat, the paper boat continues
to move on.
All right, so in this scene,
it's like the full body look at
a whale. Can't say what kind of
whale. It's like a fantasy
whale, and it's smoking a pipe
out of its blowhole.
The paper boat is sailing on
right past the whale, so the
surface of the water is about
one 10th of the way down on this
page. The rest of it is just
whale, it's just whales all the
way down.
Some fish are coming up from.
From like the background area.
So mostly we just kind of see
this whale hanging out and
smoking its pipe.
In the next scene, this is very
much like a fantasy creature.
It has. It's like one of those
like nightmare fish. What are
those called? Angler fishes, an
angler fish?
That has the.
Sort of.
Antenna that's coming out from
the middle of its forehead and
it has some bioluminescent light
that lights up in, you know,
deep sea areas, and that's how
it.
You know, attracts prey, except
that this creature is on an
enormous scale, and it's not in
the deep sea. It's very much at
the surface of the water, and it
is looking over towards the
paper boat, and it's shining its
light from like the the antenna
that it's got, except that it's
not like a bioluminescent light.
It is just a Lantern or a box of
light, you know, it almost looks
electronic. The creature.
has
Very confusingly, it's got like
crab claws and it's got like
about 12 or so tentacles coming
out of its tail area, and it is
standing on what look like.
Like crab legs on top of just
maybe a dozen or so different
shipwrecks. So all of these
ships are down below, and this
creature seems like.
Its goal is to lure ships to it
and then wreck them and add them
to its collection. And if we're
looking at all of the ships down
at its feet, you know, they're
very sort of traditional, you
know, steamships, except that
there's one paper boat that's
also amongst the wreckage that's
down there.
And in this final scene, the
paper boat is still floating,
but this time it's surrounded by
all sorts of creatures and we
see it kind of sailing into the
moonlight or no, no, it's
sailing into the sunset and the
moon has also risen and is on
the right hand side of the sky.
At the surface of the water are
all of these creatures, and it
doesn't really make sense that
any of them are here. They're
they're mostly fantasy versions
of real animals, like alligators
and zebras and a cheetah.
Elephants, um.
But they're all like marine
versions of them. It's almost
like they're all like mermaid
mermaid version. It's like a
mermaid version of a zebra or a
mermaid version of a dog.
But with like fins for feet. So
it's not even like they're
really effective at being marine
versions of themselves.
And a cat is jumping into the
paper boat. The cat, just like
all the other creatures, has um
flippers instead of hands or
feet.
And a dorsal fin, but still has
its tail and still has its
little cat face and still has
its little cat ears.
Umm.
So yeah, they're all, they're
kind of just all in this scene,
all hanging out. There's some
some flying creatures as well,
but even those flying creatures
have dorsal fins like.
Yeah, dorsal fins, I wanna say,
instead of proper tails.
So this is a nighttime scene
that has the starry sky and we
can kind of milk make out the
Milky Way a little bit. The
Crescent Moon is to the right
that has a sort of Halo around
it.
And the paper boat is afloat on
the water, and below it are all
of these creatures, probably
fish. They're marine creatures
of some kind, and their eyes
glow. So you get a sense that
there are probably about 100 or
so of these creatures that are
just swarming underneath where
the paper boat is.
And in this scene we see the
hundreds of fish that had been.
Swarming below the paper boat
now at the surface of the water,
and all of them circled around
looking at the paper boat, which
has no place to go because it is
completely encircled by and
trapped by all of these fish.
The fish themselves are about.
Halfway out of the water, like
their heads, their gills, their
fins are all out of the water.
And surrounding the paper boat.
The scene is still a nighttime
scene of the paper boat floating
across the ocean has all of the
fish.
Swimming away, we only see about
four fish and um, you know, we
see their their back fins kind
of like up out of the water as
if they've just swam away and
the Aurora borealis is up in the
sky making all sorts of.
Amazing looking, awe inspiring
waves of light across what would
have otherwise been a pitch
black night sky.
The paper boat is now in an area
where there is a giant iceberg
behind it. So the Berg itself is
kind of more of a plateau and
it's not like a mountain shaped
peaked iceberg, it's just a.
A slab of ice, the ice itself
tower from the bottom of the
page all the way to the top, so
you get the impression that it
is enormous.
The paper boat is.
Is now still on the surface of
the water, but it is entering a
cave system that's made of ice,
as implied by the.
You know sheet sheets of ice
that have been broken up around
it and floating around it and
the the ice cave mouth is pretty
jagged.
And then in the next scene on
the right, we see it navigating,
sort of.
Tunnel system inside this ice
cave. So you can kind of see the
dark sky, a sliver of a dark sky
that had had come from, and it
is navigating its way.
Further into the ice cave.
So.
Still close by the area of the
icebergs.
I don't know if it's in The Cave
or not. I don't think so. Maybe
it is. It's hard to say because
the sky is black here, so it
could have emerged from The
Cave. Or it could just be that
The Cave ceiling is really
black. But there is something.
Something investigating the
paper boat which is still
floating on the water. It has
its tentacle reaching out from
under the water and shining a
light on the paper boat. So
this, this looks biological of
some kind. I mean like this is
this is not an electric light,
this is an animal using part of
its bioluminescent body to shine
a light on the paper boat.
And the next scene there is what
looks to be a deep sea diver
holding the paper boat in its
hand, except the hand is just a
fin and the.
Materials coming out of this
suit.
Which, I mean, it has a belt, it
has sleeves, it's got a diving
helmet. But Even so, like the
materials that are coming out of
it look organic. So oh, and then
there's another diver that's
just emerging from the water in
the background. So the diver
holding the paper boat has a 08
on its diving helmet, and the
one just coming out of the water
has a 05 with some steam coming
out the top of the helmet.
And it.
Has um.
These, uh, this kind of like
telescoped.
Eyes that are just jutting out
from the the helmet part of its
head and once again there's
white light, glowing light
that's coming from the eyes.
OK.
So.
There's a giant ship in this
scene and it takes up.
Almost the entire scene.
The ship is coming towards the
paper boat and it looks like
it's daylight again.
There one of the tentacles that
was coming out of the diving
suit.
Still up above the water
surface.
But it seems to have caught
sight of the.
Oncoming ship and looks alarmed.
There's like lines coming out of
it, as if it's like really
taking in this scene and the
paper boat is just kind of in
the foreground, just kind of
there, as this giant ship
emitting just tons of black
smoke out of its smokestacks is
approaching the ship.
And I think there's a whale's
tail. So this might be a whaling
ship? It's hard to say, but I
think that there's like a a
crank hoist, you know like
pulley system and it looks as if
a big whale had been pulled out
of the water by the ship.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that
that's what that is.
In this scene we see the paper
boat, which is looking a little
soggy.
Heading towards an offshore oil
rig that's also emitting a just
ton of black smoke. In fact,
it's so black that there's no
sky to be seen, and all of these
birds seem to be falling from
the sky and into the water.
There's one that landed into the
paper boat, and there's another
whale that had been caught by
one of these pulleys. I think
the implication here is just.
Yeah.
This.
This piece of technology, this
man-made structure, is just
polluting the world and killing
everything in it.
Others dead fish too. It looks
like there's dead fish just like
laying on the surface of the
water.
Oh, so next we see some.
Action happening from Windows, I
guess probably in that
structure. And there are people
leaning out the windows holding
some kind of guns or something,
and they're shooting down into
the water. And one of them that
is closest down towards the
water is actually shooting up
the paper boat, which seems to
have gotten nicked through the
top of its mast, its paper mast.
And.
I think the creature with the
diving helmet is back. It looks
as if it's also here on the
scene, but.
From the from the rig they were
lowing down like a claw on a
chain. So I think what they're,
I think what they're trying to
do is just capture.
The diving helmet creature.
In the next scene we have the
diving helmet creature standing
on.
A device you know like some some
kind of a.
It it looks as if it is a
underwater.
I don't know, just like a kind
of transportation.
Thing that you would do if you
needed to move around
underwater. I don't know what
these things are called.
You know, kind of like a jet
ski, but that it goes
underwater. So anyway, this jet
ski kind of a thing looks like
it's been painted like crudely
to look like some kind of an
animal.
And so the the diving helmet
creature is standing on top of
the jet ski dog.
The the motor of which is going
crazy. So I think that the motor
was probably pierced by the claw
that came down or by shots that
had been fired. And now now it's
sinking and I think he's trying
to figure out like what to do.
Meanwhile, the paper boat's in
the foreground and we see that
it had been shot through the
mast and there is a life
preserver on the paper boat.
OK.
So the life preserver was used
by the diving helmet creature
and they crawled up inside of it
and are holding on to the paper
boat via a rope.
That was.
Connecting the life preserver to
the paper boat.
And the sea has gotten really
choppy. We can see some like
really big waves, some huge
waves we see.
We see another like team of
creatures that's on its way
coming towards the paper boat.
In this Nautilus shell we see
these night creatures, you know,
kind of like.
We see the moon knight creature
from before that is up in the
crow's nest of the mast that's
stuck inside of this Nautilus
shell.
And then below is.
The the cat and some other
fantasy creatures like a deer
and a horse.
And I can't tell what that
checkered thing is. Um, you
know, two faceless
anthropomorphized creatures that
just look like they don't really
have any distinguishing features
like, at all. And other fantasy
creatures with, you know, like
snake tails and it looks like
like mechanical wings with holes
in them.
And sailing.
Sailing behind the mast is this
giant kite.
With like a.
Like a diamond shaped kite with
all sorts of stars.
On the fabric.
The pattern.
OK, so the sea's gotten real
rough and now the waves are
really high and they are
circling around and the paper
boat is I think in.
Probably some pretty serious
danger. I mean like it is being
swept up in one of these giant
tsunami sized waves.
And so that's kind of happening
like in the middle ground sort
of in the background and in the
foreground we see like this
team.
Of creatures that's inside of
this Nautilus shell, and it
looks as if you know like
they're doing their own repair.
The kite got torn, so like the
two ambiguous creatures, and
they kind of look like two small
boys.
Are clinging onto the kite maybe
trying to do repairs or I don't
know, just kind of hanging out
on this broken kite and the cat.
Which now looks like a normal
cat is walking along one of the
lines to try to. I don't know,
it's holding something in its
tail. Maybe maybe some material
to help repair the kite. And the
moon knight
Is is once again at the very top
of the mast, but now is holding
something in his hand and it
looks like a giant paper
airplane, and he's pointing it
towards where the paper boat is.
So maybe he'll watch it in the
next scene.
All right. So paper boat.
Still sailing safely on the top
of the water.
But now we see in the sky all of
these incredible, ominous black
clouds and a huge strike of
lightning coming through the sky
and striking the surface of the
water in the distance.
Sort of above the paper boat and
the sky is a giant paper
airplane that seems to just be
darting right past.
Um, so.
Here, the paper boat, still
afloat on the surface of the
sea, is now navigating.
Series of.
Arches.
It almost looks like a field of
Donuts.
But the arches have um.
Dork Fins across their backs, so
it's almost like they're
multiple eels, or multiple
tentacles of some kind like of a
creature or multiple creatures.
Just kind of like surfacing
their parts of their body around
this area, but there's.
Dozens of them and you can't
even see the water they're so
packed in.
One of the tentacles had reached
up and grabbed the paper plane
out of the sky with its mouth. I
think I see glowing eyes there.
So yeah, I think that one of
them had surfaced enough to grab
that paper plane.
OK, so here we're in the thick
of the eel arch.
Um, obstacle course.
So there's just like dark
archways all over the scene,
sort of in the middle we we see
the head of one of these
creatures that's just kind of
like poking underneath an
archway with its glowing eyes
and its toothed open mouth, just
looking down at where the paper
boat was or is.
And then to the side, we kind of
see through some of the archways
enough that we can see kind of
open water.
Behind and we see a couple of
additional creatures, kind of
like looking towards this area,
one of them.
Has a narwhal.
Style like horn or Tusk.
And but otherwise kind of looks
like an alligator and another
one has a.
Like big sawed snout. Like a
like a sawfish saw.
Like a sawed there's a kind of a
shark that has this. It's kind
of, I forget the name of it.
But yeah, so it's it's got like
a saw beak.
OK.
All right, so here the paper
boat, still floating, is getting
waterlogged. The narwhal
creature is shooting all of this
water from its snout down onto
the paper boat, just drenching
it. And the saw nosed creature
is kind of like to its side, so
kind of to the side of the
narwhal creature, kind of just
like looking on, but not really
doing much of anything.
Umm.
And then from our perspective on
the next scene it we see some
land in the foreground and we
see some sea and sky and clouds
in the background.
And we see the paper boat kind
of just starting to go under.
Like it
Very not seaworthy, I think,
after all it's been through,
especially being drenched in
water.
And on this scene with the land
in the foreground, we see all
sorts of just trash and detritus
and jetsam that's been washed
ashore and and standing there is
an anthropomorphic.
fish, that's got on it, you
know.
Small little bathing suit.
And just kind of like looking
out at sea, but also kind of
like looking at the sky. It
doesn't look as if it's really
looking at the boat.
And here we see the paper boat
making its descent underwater.
It has sunk and it is now
surrounded by jellyfish. It's
just really kind of going
through this entire school of
jellyfish. There's barely any
water visible because all these
jellyfish are so crammed close
together. And there's a
particularly giant jellyfish,
which is kind of coming up
through the middle of the scene.
That's the closest to the paper
boat, but it doesn't look as if
any interaction is happening
between them. Only the top of
the jellyfish looks like it
could be a giant eye, and if
that's the case, it does look
like it's looking at the paper
boat.
So from here the paper boat is
still underwater and it has
gotten sort of attached to
school of fish that are swimming
off to the side towards the
left. Below that are other fish
and other sea creatures that are
just kind of hanging around.
And in the next scene, the paper
boat continues its descent. The
look of these creatures with the
bioluminescent fins and parts of
their bodies implies, and that
the darkness of the water around
implies, that it's just sinking
deeper and deeper into the
ocean.
And then in this scene the boat
has hit the bottom of the sea
floor and there are these slug
type creatures but with many
arms and a couple of antenna
just kind of hovering in and and
looking. One of them is inside
the boat, one of them is up over
the mast bending it over. One of
them is kind of still on the the
sea floor but looking up inside
the.
The the paper boat, and we see
like a beam of light just
shining on these creatures. But
if they're at the very bottom of
the sea, you know, the question
is where is this being flight
coming from?
In the next scene we see.
We we see a submarine and the
submarine has.
Um.
Like a a headlight, I guess. I
don't know if it's called a
headlight on a submarine, but
that's what it's acting as.
And the submarine is now heading
up towards the surface of the
water, except that the paper
boat is on the nose of the
submarine, kind of like where
the light was.
So you get the impression that
the submarine went down there to
find the paper boat and is now
rescuing it and bringing it back
up to the surface. Meanwhile,
there's lots of other creatures
with glowing eyes, and it's very
evident now from the glowing
eyes that this helps them
underwater, because they're they
show us beams of light coming
out of each of the creatures,
like they're shining flashlights
around.
Around the submarine.
OK, so the submarine makes it
back to the surface and all of
this water starts pouring out of
the paper boat.
And it's bright and it's white,
and that implies that there's a
lot of light happening. It's
daylight again.
So then in the next scene the
the paper boat is once again
floating, except that it looks
like a giant squid had come from
below and has latched onto a
fishing boat. The giant squid is
holding all sorts of like
bottles and things in its
tentacles that just looks like
bottles of cognac or something.
I'm not really sure what it's
holding, and there's a couple of
people.
On the fishing boat that are,
you know, just like holding on
or trying to throw things at the
giant squid.
There's no submarine in this
scene, so I guess the submarine
has already done its job and
left.
The submarine ohh has a giant
like fishes' tail so I don't
know it's it's not mechanical,
it's a fish OK.
So in this scene.
There's a group of harbor seals
and they're playing with the
paper boat. One of them is
balancing the paper boat's stern
on its on its nose while other.
Harbor seals look on. The seals
are kind of like just playing
and circling each other. In the
water below and to the right we
see.
Just like these in the next
scene that these fronds
underwater fronds like
underwater seaweed.
And there's some fish.
Like.
in amongst the seaweed.
Here is another underwater
seaweed scene. The paper boat
floats on top of the surface of
the water, but below the water
there's some jellyfish and some
fish.
A lot of seaweed and a couple of
additional cuttlefish.
And in the next scene, the paper
boat continues to float on the
surface, but we see one of the
deep sea diver creatures that is
like kind of standing on the
tail of a giant creature that's
so big we can't really even see
all of it like.
I think we see part of it and
then the rest of it is like kind
of hidden amongst the seaweed
going into the background.
There's some kind of like a
mechanism set up.
And he's, he's got like a ride.
So instead of a horse, he's got
a sea horse that's got a saddle
on it nearby. Presumably that's
how he gets around and he's
holding it a oh, it's a clam.
Oh, that's what it's meant to
be. OK all right. So he's using
a.
He's using a device to keep the
clamshell open and he's taking
the Pearl out, and so then he's
going to probably get on to his
seahorse and take the Pearl
away.
OK, so from here we see a buoy,
um.
We must be close to land, and
the deep sea diver has a basket
on his sea horse horse that he
uses, and it seems like it's
full of pearls. There's a couple
of other creatures that kind of
defied description climbing up
the buoy that kind of looked
like people, but with starfish
heads.
And a couple of sea birds that
have been perched up on the
buoy.
And the paper boats in the
foreground, kind of just moving
away from the scene and now the
paper boat is on.
In an area where there's a
lighthouse on an island, there's
a there's a person standing on
that island as well. In the
background we see steamships,
other kinds of ships in this
area.
And some sea birds flying in the
air.
And then so it seems like we're
we're back in a a city Type
Harbor area. This is a you know
coming across like a a harbor
it's it's got like a a long pier
going out into the water with a
a giant structure at the top of
it that looks like it's used as
some kind of maybe open air like
amphitheater of some kind but
it's um
It's it's got a a roof. It's
kind of like, it looks like a
Tabernacle.
And below the paper boat
continues to float on the water
and we see additional ships in
this harbor including a tall
ship with many sails and that's
like kind of in the background.
Alright, so the.
The paper boat is like real
close to one of these.
Big ocean liners, and it's
coming on to its stern and we
have another boat, like a
tugboat type of a thing, that's
also on the scene and a very
small sailboat. And sort of
below the surface of the water
we can see that there's a
submarine below and in the
background we see a sort of a
city landscape.
OK, so here it looks as if.
A giant whale with a mechanism
around its body that allows it
to be out of the water.
Has come up on the shore or is
trying to, so it's. It's using
its.
Suit. It's like an air suit.
It's the opposite of like a
swimsuit for us.
To come up on the shore, it's
got a device that keeps it wet,
like a shower head that's
attached to the suit so that it
showers water down on its head,
and it seems to want to come
ashore. There's also a cherry
picker that's being used by at
least one of these people to
hoist up somebody in this
bucket, and it looks like maybe
the two of them are
communicating. In the next scene
we just see the bows of some of
these.
Ocean liners with all of these
people standing on up on a wall.
Kind of all looking over towards
where the whale is.
So from here we're now like
fully into this Industrial
Harbor area, the.
The, the boat, the paper boat
continues on the surface of the
water, you know, so here we see
an industrial scene happening in
the background with cranes
carrying, you know, like
shipping containers.
We've got additional boats and
then on the right we see this
possibly this creature that had
been hoisted out of the water,
although it does like it looks
mechanical, it looks.
It looks like a combination of
something that's both biological
and mechanical. It looks as if a
giant fish had been pulled out
of the water, but it's got like
attachments to it and it's got
somebody that's up on the top of
it looking through a glass orb.
So it's almost as if this is
like a sea vessel.
So here we have a.
A fishing boat that's captured 2
sea creatures. They're the ones
from before, the one that looks
like a narwhal and one that
looks like a saw toothed.
You know, one of those sharks.
So they've both been caught by a
giant fishing nut that's been
hoisted out of the water by a
crane on the back of this
fishing boat.
The paper boat is just nearby on
the water and in the next scene
we see.
Exploratio on the side of one of
these.
Buildings slash boats. I think
it might. I think it might be a
boat, even though it looks like
a building.
Umm.
And a couple of additional boats
in the same harbor as the paper
boat and it has come to a part
of the harbor that has a
stairway descending down into it
so that there's somebody very
close nearby to where the boat,
the paper boat is.
OK, so here's a bird's eye view
of the top of the city looking
down at the river that's kind of
like cutting through the city.
The paper boats on the river and
there's a couple of bridges that
come over top the the river.
It's night time again the.
The town is dark except for the
lights that tend to like light
up some of the windows, and in
the foreground there are some
kind of winged creature. I think
it's the same creature that was
standing on the shore looking at
the drowning paper boat, and
it's using its wings to jump off
of one of the taller structures
in the area. But also attached
to it is propellers, so I think
it might be able to float down
pretty safely from where it is.
So the nighttime scene continues
with some um.
Some scenes where lots of people
have walked down the stairs to
where the paper boat is, we see
the Nautilus shell that's been
pulled up and all of the
creatures that were on the
Nautilus shell the the horse,
the the deer creature, the Moon
knight on all of the other, like
the two children.
And the.
Diving helmet creature are all
down there at this point, and
they're all kind of like hanging
out in the next scene, including
the.
A diving helmet guy, maybe he's
just a guy, you know, it looks
like in this next scene, his
helmets off and he's having a
cigarette and he's just kind of
hanging out with his seahorse
buddy. And the paper boat
continues to travel down the
river underneath the bridges
that are coming up.
So the paper boat continues down
the river and um, sort of, we're
exiting the town. So it's a lot
more quiet in this part of the
town. Some fish are looking on
from the foreground, looking at
the paper boat with it, their
glowing eyes.
And the paper boat continues to
travel down. There's like
abandoned tugboat nearby and
it's kind of like heading
towards some trees.
So it continues to head towards
a tree filled area on top of a.
On top of like this part of the
land, there's a.
A small house with a streetlight
illuminating the area around the
house, and that's where the
tugboat's going. The boat pulls
up.
To the section of where this
particular piece of land is,
there's a there's a place to
pull up your boat and hitch your
boat to this this part here and
from.
At first it looks like it's just
the paper boat that's there, but
then coming out of the paper
boat looks like there's like
this this person, and they
become more and more.
Opaque like they were very kind
of translucent in the first
scene, and then as they become
more opaque, the paper boat
begins to become more
transparent, like the boat, it
disappears as this person
creature that has all sorts of
black and white markings all
over it becomes more present and
the person begins to walk up the
stairs to where the house was
and it looks like we can only
see the next scene from like the
shins down, but it looks like
they've just met somebody else.
#END_wanderer
Thank you so.
That's all the time we have
today.
So I think at the the next one
we'll be able to finish the rest
of what we have is there. Oh
wait, let me.